Now in the next lectures,
we're gonna start talking about server-side attacks.
I'm gonna teach you what a server is,
and we're gonna talk about that in details.
But before we jump into this,
we need to have a computer
or a machine that acts as a server
so that we can try to hack into it.
So similar to the way that we had a Windows machine,
to practice attacks that we can launch against normal users,
we need to have another virtual machine
that behaves like a server
so that we can practice server-side attacks against it
and see how we can hack into servers.
So the machine that we're gonna use is called
Metasploitable
and it's a virtual machine that's built on Linux
and it contains a number of services
that's typically used by servers.
It also contains a number of web applications
that act exactly like normal web applications
and use the same technologies used by normal servers
and normal web applications.
So, we're gonna install this machine
and then in the future,
we're gonna use it as a target
to learn how to hack into servers
and how to hack into websites.
You can download this from the following link.
Now I've also included this link
in the resources of this lecture.
If you click on this link, you'll get this page.
And all you have to do is simply click on download
to download it.
I've already done that to save time.
So, if I go to my downloads directory in here,
you will see that I have a ZIP archive
in here called Metasploitable2.
And we know that this is an archive,
a ZIP archive because we can see the icon
and you can see the file type.
So in order to uncompressed this,
as we've seen before,
we have to first double click it to access it,
we're gonna right click and copy.
We're gonna go back one directory and paste it here.
On Linux, you'll have to right click it
and click on extract here
and on macOS,
you're gonna have to double click it to uncompress it.
We're gonna give it some time
to uncompress the contents of this file.
And once this process is over,
you'll see that you'll have a new directory in here
with the contents of this virtual machine.
To import it in VMware,
we're gonna double click VMware to open it.
And we're gonna click on open a virtual machine.
We're gonna navigate to the location
where we downloaded this virtual machine,
so it's in my downloads.
It's called Metasploitable2 dash Linux.
And the only file that we can click is this file,
called Metaspoitable.
We're gonna open it
and perfect, as you can see VM-ware added there for us.
You can click on edit virtual machine settings,
to edit it settings.
The main thing you want to make sure is
that it's connected to the NAT network,
as you can see in here,
the same NAT network
that all of the other machines are connected to.
Once you're sure with that,
we're gonna click on start, to start it.
We're gonna say, I copied it.
This pop-up is asking us
if we want to install the VMware tools for this machine,
this is not necessary at all, especially for this machine.
So we're gonna to click on remind me later,
and perfect.
As you can see,
this machine is installed now and ready to be used.
Now it's asking us to log in,
so the default username is msfadmin,
and the default password is the same: msfadmin, as well.
But you'll notice when typing the password
you will not see the characters on screen,
this is normal,
it's a security feature to prevent people beside you
from seeing the password.
So simply type msfadmin,
and hit enter,
and you should be allowed to log in.
And that's pretty much it,
right now we have this virtual machine installed
inside our own main operating system within our hiking club.
And we're gonna use it as a target
to practice a number of attacks.
Don't be intimidated by the way this machine looks,
we're actually not gonna be using it much,
we're only gonna be using it as a target.
And you'll know what I mean, as we go through the course.
So for now, our job is done.
We managed to install a vulnerable server
as a virtual machine so we can test server-side attacks
and other attacks in the next lectures in this course.